Document process in failed main builds (#236)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/engineering/continuous_releasability.md

  Releasability Contract. E.g., if we discover a critical bug in a new feature 1 day before release,
  we can immediately disable it to make the release deadline.

### A red `main` build is not okay and must be fixed

> In essence: Someone must have eyes on the build failure. Unsure about what's happening? Get help on #buildkite-main.

- When a PR breaks the build, the author is responsible for investigating why, and asking for help if necessary:
  - The failure will appear on [#buildkite-main](https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C02FLQDD3TQ).

>   - If after half an hour the cause is still unclear, ask for help!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you've done ~30 mins of investigation and the cause is still unclear, ask for help!
```

  - Handing the issue over to someone else (for any reason) is totally okay, but it has to happen.
  - If there's no action being taken after a reasonable amount of time, the offending PR can be reverted by anyone blocked by it.
- If there is reasonable suspicion of a flake (e.g. can't reproduce the problem locally) or if it’s clear that the cause is not related to the PR:
  - Rebuild the job.
  - Notify the team in charge of the concerned test.
  - It's a CI flake? Pass ownership to the DX team.
- If there is no immediate fix in sight (or rebuilding didn't fix it):

>   - Mark the faulty test ask skipped or revert the changes to restore the main branch to green and avoid blocking others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Mark the faulty test as skipped or revert the changes to restore the main branch to green and avoid blocking others.
```

>   - if reverting won't fix because it depends on external resources, just comment out that test and open a ticket mentioning the owners.

Reviewer: I'm not quite sure what this one means.

Author: ```suggestion
  - In some edge cases, reverting a PR won't solve the problem (because it depends on an external resource that is in an incorrect state), mark that test as skipped and open a ticket mentioning the owners.
```

@pdubroy Is it clearer now? My bad for pushing such incorrectly phrased sentence, I forgot to double check that the text from the PM was correct enough.

Reviewer: Sounds good, thanks!
